Add all `Pre-Backend` admin actions (#183)
pulsar-edit/package-backend: docs/reference/Admin_Actions.md

## 2023 - March 18

> Removed some community packages during our effort to ensure we only keep packages with licenses that allow for redistribution. The packages listed below either had licenses that outright prohibited redistribution or were otherwise unclear, and after a thourough attempt to contact the publishers we had resolved to remove the packages. More information on this topic is available on the [Pulsar Blog](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20230319-confused-Techie-HowLicenseNoneDeletedPackages.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed some community packages during our effort to ensure we only keep packages with licenses that allow for redistribution. The packages listed below either had licenses that outright prohibited redistribution or were otherwise unclear, and after a thourough attempt to contact the publishers we decided to remove the packages. More information on this topic is available on the [Pulsar Blog](https://pulsar-edit.dev/blog/20230319-confused-Techie-HowLicenseNoneDeletedPackages.html)
```

- `ReeSilva/atom-homestead` - Removed `v0.10.0`
- `kraih/atom-perltidy` - Removed `0.1`, `0.2`, `0.3`
- `swdotcom/swdc-atom` - Removed Package

## Pre-Backend

In the time before the backend was actually created, when the Pulsar team had archived all existing packages from the Atom Package Registry, there were two steps taken that resulted in some packages not making it past the initial migration, and being excluded from the Pulsar Package Registry. Those steps are detailed below.

### Database Migration

> During the initial migration of packages to the database, it's possible some packages would break some rules that had been configured within the schema of this new database. If you'd like the script and full logs of this process are available on [`confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator-to-db-2`](https://github.com/confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator-to-db-2/tree/main). Below are the package's that failed to migrate during this process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the initial migration of packages to the database, it's possible some packages would break some rules that had been configured within the schema of this new database. The script and full logs of this process are available at [`confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator-to-db-2`](https://github.com/confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator-to-db-2/tree/main). Below are the packages that failed to migrate during this process:
```

* `code-time`: Failed to migrate several versions due to the length of the license field being longer than what was allowed on the Database Schema. Since this was the only package to encounter this limit, we thought it best to contact the maintainers, rather than modify the database schema. An [issue](https://github.com/swdotcom/swdc-atom/issues/96) was created on `swdotcom/swdc-atom` to address this. But without response the package wasn't included as every version published encountered this issue.

### Health Checks / Repackaging

> Before any archived package's were ever migrated, they were first put through several health checks, to ensure we only transfered over valid packages. The code used to run these health checks, and convert the archived data into usable package data is available on [`confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator`](https://github.com/confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator). The full log's and data created from this process is also available on [`confused-Techie/atom-package-collection`](https://github.com/confused-Techie/atom-package-collection/tree/main). Below will list all of the package's that failed these health checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before any archived packages were migrated, they were first put through several health checks to ensure we only transfered over valid packages. The code used to run these health checks, and convert the archived data into usable package data is available at [`confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator`](https://github.com/confused-Techie/atom-package-migrator). The full logs and data created from this process is also available at [`confused-Techie/atom-package-collection`](https://github.com/confused-Techie/atom-package-collection/tree/main). Below will list all of the packages that failed these health checks.
```

### Non-URL Safe Name

> Package's were excluded from the repackaging process if they contained a name that was not URL Safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages were excluded from the repackaging process if they contained a name that was not URL Safe.
```

The below packages were never repackaged due to this:

* ☃
* itunes for atom
* itunes for atom
* panic-palette-syntax@0.2.5
* undefined

> ### Package's GitHub is not available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Package's GitHub repository is not available
```

> Package's were excluded from the repackaging process if the repository they pointed to wasn't accessible. Indicating the repository or user has since been deleted, or the repository has since become privated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package's were excluded from the repackaging process if the repository they pointed to wasn't accessible. This implies that the repository or user has since been deleted, or the repository has since become privated.
```

* ultra
* umsl-toolbar
* underscore
* underscorecase
* underscorejs-snippets-no-semicolon
* unis
* untime-syntax
* update-package-dependencies-elastic
* urlrequest
* userlite-link
* userlite-snippets
* userlite-utilities
* v-code
* vacuous-syntax
* valhalla
* vemv-autocomplete
* venus-runner
* veryspecial-syntax
* vibranium-syntax
* vim-like-syntax
* vim-mode-plus-keymaps-for-git
* vim-mode-plus-keymaps-for-tree-view
* voz-living-dev-tool
* vs2015-dark-syntax
* vsc-dark-syntax
* vue-autocomplete
* vue-snippets
* vue2-autocomplete
* vuetify-atom
* w-atom-snippet
* wakanda-syntax
* warbp-3r-syntax
* warmth-syntax
* web-developer-light-syntax
* webbox-color
* willyelm-test2
* willyelm-test4
* wilmersdorf-syntax
* wl-jshinter
* words
* wtf-preview
* wynnscript-atom
* x-tools
* xavil-syntax
* xcode-bracket-matcher
* xcode-midnight-dark-syntax
* xiaolais-atom-snippets
* xkcd-comics
* xmc-workspace
* xolotl
* yjy-syntax
* yoceanic-next-syntax
* yolo-wallhack-syntax
* yongky-atom-theme
* yosemite-ui
* youngjuning-snippets
* yuma-sintax
* yuno-syntax
* z3editor
* zan-language-ruby
* zaraa
* zc-dark-syntax
* zen-monk
* zenburnesque
* zenchat-snippets
* ziv-syntax

### Name is Banned

> Due to the severe amount of spam the Atom Package Registry started to see in the last days, a ban list of names was created to prevent spam or malicious package's from being migrated over. Luckily the majority of spam package's were created in the following days after the initial migration was made, but still some package's had to be prevented from being repacked, which are listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the severe amount of spam the Atom Package Registry started to see in the last days, a ban list of names was created to prevent spam or malicious packages from being migrated over. Luckily the majority of spam packages were created in the following days after the initial migration was made, but still some packages had to be prevented from being repacked, which are listed below:
```
